AST-991 -  Fix : The Gutenberg plugin v11.5.0 reduces the title space. (#3404)
brainstormforce/astra: changelog.txt

- Fix: W3 validator - Duplicate HTML id 'site-navigation' if there are multiple menus on a single page.
- Fix: W3 validator - CSS parse error for '.menu-link' & '.wp-block-button__link'.
- Fix: Image and Text blocks alignment not working properly with Image size - Medium in the editor.

> - Fix: The Gutenberg plugin v11.4.1 breaks the title / reduces the title space.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix: Title is breaking in Guternber editor when the Gutenberg plugin v11.4.1 and above is active
```
